Topics we discussed (Sep 25)

1. Good name for the package!!

"bmbclst" as for bayesian model based clustering?

Usually, package name will also be the main function name (like bmbclst(**args)) so need to take that into account.

Either a name inspired by existing packages or methodology (the name "bmbclst" seems close to mclust and it also 
rhymes with BNP which is a area we would like to bridge with) and/or something memorable (like PReMiuM etc.) so that
people from various deciplines can reach/remember it.

2. Good default specification

Not only in terms of computational aspect but also in the overall fuctionality (understandable, extendable etc.).

Features we might want to have are:
   * Hyperparameters for priors in accordance with the size of the data (current specification seems to
     be primarly for N approx 100~300 and p small scenario so may need to adjust those for other settings).

   * Compatibility to mixed type data (numeric, count, categorical etc.) by assuming cid across types.
     Some implementation in flexmix for ref. This also requires appropriate prior specifications to various 
     types of data. The implementation of this would probably involve defining an object which consits of 
     type name, density function, collection of data of this type and parameters for the corresponding pdf.

   * Not so many optional arguments that depend on the specification. Rather, divide the procedure in layers
     and pass objects. Hopefully these objects and classes that depend on them are general enough to take 
     into account future expansion such as a new component density fuction (mixture of mixtures, mixture of 
     experts etc.).
    
   * (related to the last point) Objects such as the parition objects may be compatible or at least be easily
     processed by outside package such as the labelswitch pkg.

   * Some way to obtain the consensus partition (across K+ or component density of choie or clustering scheme
     for identification?) at the end may be useful. For example, the user may only be interested in a specific
     subgroup that's always identified (= stable partition).

   * A test directory which holds data with various characteristics used for unit testing/benchmarking. Perhaps
     data from MBCbook may be useful.

3. Places to look for reference (please add more!)
name, purpose

mclust, benchmark to beat in terms of usability, functionality 
flexmix, extendable object/class structure, mixed type data compatibility etc.
label.switching, for compatilibity to our package
PReMiuM, compatibility to various component densitites
baRpkgs, for package structure
